restruct: add variants folder (#17)
zephyrproject-rtos/gsoc-2022-arduino-core: README.md

## Adding Arduino Core API to Zephyr

> * **Pre requisites:** It is assumed that you have zephyrproject configured and installed on your system as per the official [Get Started Guide](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/develop/getting_started/index.html). The recommended path to install is `~/zephyrproject` as specified in the guide. You may face path issues if you have zephyr installed in a custom path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Pre requisites:** It is assumed that you have zephyrproject configured and installed on your system as per the official [Get Started Guide](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/develop/getting_started/index.html). The recommended path to install is `~/zephyrproject` as specified in the guide. If you have zephyr installed in a custom path you may need to make changes to the CMakeLists.txt file in the sample code directory when building these samples.
```

  url: https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/gsoc-2022-arduino-core
```

* Then, clone the repository by running

```sh
west update
```

* To "complete" the core you need to copy or symlink the api folder from [this repo](https://github.com/arduino/ArduinoCore-API.git) to the target's ``cores/arduino`` folder:
```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:arduino/ArduinoCore-API # Any location
$ ln -s /<your>/<location>/ArduinoCore-API/api cores/arduino/.
```

**Known Bug(s):**

> * While compiling with the ArduinoCore-API `WCharacter.h` produces many errors. It needs to be deleted from ArduinoAPI.h (it is unused in this port.) We are looking into resolving the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* While compiling with the ArduinoCore-API `WCharacter.h` produces many errors. The include of that file needs to be deleted from `cores/arduino/api/ArduinoAPI.h` (it is unused in this port.) We are looking into resolving the issue.

Author: I am thinking we'll make a seperate PR to update the README's of all the samples.
Currently they are just ditto copy pasted from the zephyr samples so may not make much sense.
But we could also leave this as a `good-beginner-task` to perhaps attract potential contributors.
